
In a certain kingdom, in some countries, there lived a king and queen; children they had. They began to pray to God to provide them with offspring in mladosti on poglyadenie, and to feed the old age; prayed, went to bed and slept soundly.

In the dream, he dreamed that far from the palace has a quiet pond in the pond zlatopery ruff floats; if the queen eats it, now may become pregnant. Woke up the king and queen, and clicked to his mamok and nurses, they began to tell his dream. Nurse and nurse so judged: that in a dream dreamed, then it may happen in reality.

The king urged fishermen and severely punished catch ruff zlatoperogo. At the dawn came the fishermen on a quiet pond, threw the network, and their happiness with the first train toneyu caught zlatopery ruff. Took him, brought to the palace; as she saw the queen, could not sit still in place, the fishermen soon ran up, grabbed hands, large treasury has been awarded; after she called her favorite cook and gave her ruff zlatoperogo from hand to hand: "On, prepare for dinner, but see, that no one before him had touched."

Cook cleaned ruff, washed and cooked, put the slops into the yard; the yard went cow, those dishwater drunk; fish ate the queen, and the dishes cook curry favor. And once zabryuhateli: the queen and her favorite cook, and cow, and resolved all at one time three sons: the queen was born Ivan Tsarevich, the cook - cook's son, Ivan, Ivan Bykovich cow.

Steel guys grow by leaps and bounds as a good test for sourdough rises, and they are drawn up. All three fellow alike failed, and it was impossible to recognize who is the royal child who - and who cooks from the cow people. Only by the fact and distinguish them: as the gateway to the mall, Prince Ivan asks linen change, the cook



son tries to eat something, and Ivan Bykovich right to rest falls. On the tenth year they came to the king, saying, "My dear, our Father! Make us an iron stick to fifty pounds. " The king ordered his blacksmiths forge iron stick in fifty pounds; they went to work and did a week. No one sticks in one region can not lift, and Prince Ivan, Ivan cook's son, yes, yes Ivan Bykovich between the fingers it is inverted like a feather quill.

They went on a royal court. "Well, my friends, - says Ivan Tsarevich - let's try to force: To be a big brother." - "Okay, - replied Ivan Bykovich - take a stick and hit us on the shoulder." Ivan Tsarevich took the iron stick, hit the cook's son Ivan Ivan yes Bykovicha on the shoulders and drove both on the knee on the ground. Cook's son, Ivan hit - drove Ivan Tsarevich Ivan Bykovicha yes to the very chest in the ground; and Ivan hit Bykovich - drove the two brothers to the neck. "Let us, - says the prince - more power to try: let us throw the iron stick up; who will throw up - that would be big brother ". - "Well, you throw!" Ivan Tsarevich cast - stick a quarter of an hour ago, fell, Ivan cook's son, dropped - dropped the stick in half an hour, and Ivan Bykovich cast - only an hour later arrived. "Well, Ivan Bykovich! Whether you're a big brother. "

After they went for a walk through the garden and found a huge stone. "Look what a stone! L can not move it from its place? "- Said Ivan Tsarevich, ran into his hands fumbled, fiddled - no, do not take the power; Ivan tried the cook's son - a stone slightly moved. Ivan tells them Bykovich: "Finely you swim! Wait, I'll try. " Walked over to the stone so as lift up his foot - stone azhno boomed, rolled to the other side of the garden and broke all sorts of trees. Under the stone cellar was opened in the basement there are three heroic horse, harness hanging on the walls Ratna: In what good fellows roam! They immediately ran to the king and begged: "Sovereign Father! Bless us to go to foreign lands, by the people see themselves in others show. " King blessed them, on the road treasury awarded; they are the king said goodbye, boarded a heroic horses and on their way empty.

We drove down dale, through the mountains, the green meadows, and came to a dense forest; in the forest hut stands on Kuryachii legs on sheep horns when necessary - is inverted. "Hut, hut, turn to us before, back to the forest; us you climb, got some bread and salt. " Hut turned. Good fellows include the hut - on the stove is Baba Yaga bone leg, from corner to corner, nose up at the ceiling. "Fu Fu Fu! First Russian spirit had never heard, not seen kind; Russian spirit now sits on a spoon, rolling himself in the mouth. " - "Hey, old woman, do not scold, tears-ka from the stove so sit on the bench. Ask: where we're going? I'll tell pious. " Baba Yaga got off the stove, the approach to Ivan Bykovichu close, bowed low to him: "Hello, Father Ivan Bykovich! Where are you going, where the way you hold? "-" Let's go, we grandmother, the river currant on guelder rose bridge; I have heard that there is not one miracle Yudo



lives. " - "Ah yes, Vanya! For missed the deal; because they are villains, all pripolonili, all ruined, neighbors kingdom drove the ball. "

The brothers spent the night at the Baba Yaga, the morning got up early and went on their way. Come to the river currants; all along the coast lie the bones of men, foot will bulk! They saw the hut, entered it - pustehonka, and then heads to stop. It is the case in the evening. Says Ivan Bykovich: "Brothers! We stopped at chuzhedalnuyu side, we have to live with us ostorozhkoyu; let's turn to go watch. " Threw lots for - got it the first night guard Ivan Tsarevich, the other - Ivan cook's son, and the third - Ivan Bykovichu.

Prince Ivan went on patrol, climbed into the bushes and fell fast asleep. Ivan Bykovich it is not hoped; as time went past midnight - he immediately was ready, took a sword and shield, was released and became a guelder rose bridge. Suddenly, the river water is thrilled at the oaks eagles screamed - leaves a miracle Yudo six-headed; underneath the horse stumbled, black crow on his shoulder started, behind hort1 bristled. Says a miracle Yudo six-headed: "What are you, dog meat, stumble, you crowquill, tremble, and you, Dog-fur bristled? Al you think Ivan Bykovich here? So he, my good fellow, was not born yet, but if he was born - so the war is not amiss: I have it on one hand planted, another prihlopnu - only mokrenkaya will! "

Ivan jumped Bykovich: "Do not boast, evil spirit! Not catching clear falcon feathers early pinching; not tasted good fellow, there is nothing to blaspheme him. And let's try to force better: who overcomes, and the boast. " Here they come together - caught up so badly hit that circle the earth groaned. Miracle-Yuda not lucky: Ivan Bykovich with one sweep knocked him three heads. "Wait, Ivan Bykovich! Give me rozdyha. " - "What a breather! You, the Evil One, three heads, I have only one; here is how will you have one head, and then the rest will become. " Again they came together again hit; Ivan Bykovich cut off a miracle, Yudu and the last head, took the body - cut into small pieces and threw into the river currants, and six goals under guelder rose bridge folded. Sam returned to the hut. Morning comes Ivan Tsarevich. "Well, did not see any thing?" - "No, my friends, past me and the fly does not fly."

The next night went to watch the cook's son Ivan, climbed into the bushes and fell asleep. Ivan Bykovich it is not hoped; as time went past midnight - he immediately shells, took a sword and shield, was released and became a guelder rose bridge. Suddenly, the river water is thrilled at the oaks eagles screamed - leaves a miracle Yudo The nine; underneath the horse stumbled, black crow on his shoulder started, behind Hort bristled. Miracle Yudo horse thighs, crow feathers, Horta's ears: "What are you, dog meat, stumble, you crowquill, tremble, you Dog-wool, hair? Al you think Ivan Bykovich here? So he was not born yet, but if he was born - so the war is not amiss: I'll kill him with one finger! "



Ivan jumped Bykovich: "Wait - do not boast before God and pray, wash your hands so the cause of Primo! Still unknown - who will win! "As wag his sharp sword hero once or twice, and have evil forces demolished six goals; a miracle Yudo hit - on his knees in the damp earth drove. Ivan Bykovich grabbed a handful of dirt and threw his suprotivniku right in the eyes. While a miracle Yudo rubbing their enormous eyes, hero felled him and the rest of the head, took the body - cut into small pieces and threw into the river currants, and nine goals under guelder rose bridge folded. The morning comes cook's son, Ivan. "Well, brother, did not see whether that night?" - "No, none beside me fly does not fly, no mosquito food!" Ivan Bykovich led by brothers guelder rose bridge, showed them to the dead head and began to shame " Oh, you sleepyhead; where you fight? You would be at home on the stove to lie. "

On the third night is going to go watch Ivan Bykovich; took a white towel, hung on the wall and on the floor underneath the bowl and put the brothers said: "I'm going to a terrible battle; and you, my friends, do not sleep all night yeah watching, as will towels with blood flow: if half bowls nabezhit - okay deal if full bowl nabezhit - all right, and if pour over the edge - immediately descends from the chains of my athletic horse and yourself hurry to help me. "

Here stands Ivan Bykovich under Kalinovoye bridge; went during the night, on the river water is thrilled to oaks eagles screamed - leaves a miracle Yudo twelve-; Horse him about twelve wings, silver wool at a horse tail and mane - gold. Rides miracle Yudo; suddenly beneath the horse stumbled, black crow on his shoulder started, behind Hort bristled. Miracle Yudo horse thighs, crow feathers, Horta's ears: "What are you, dog meat, stumble, you crowquill, tremble, you Dog-wool, hair? Al you think Ivan Bykovich here? So he was not born yet, but if he was born - so the war is not amiss; I just tung - and his ashes will be left! "

Ivan jumped Bykovich: "Wait - do not boast before God and pray!" - "Oh, you're here! Why come? "-" In you, the Evil One, see your castle to try. " - "Where are you my castle to try? You fly in front of me! "Replied Ivan Bykovich:" I came to you not to tell the tale, and fight to the death. " Swung his sharp sword and cut the miracle-Yuda three heads. Miracle Yudo picked these heads, scribbled on them his fiery finger - and all at once rooted head, as if the shoulders do not fall! Poor Ivan had Bykovichu; miracle Yudo became too strong for him, according to the tribe drove in damp earth. "Wait, the evil spirit! Kings, kings are fighting, and those doing reconciliation; and we're going to war without uzhli rozdyha? Give me rozdyha even up to three times. "

Miracle Yudo agreed; Ivan took Bykovich right mitt and let the hut. Mitten all the windows broke, and his brothers are asleep, can not hear anything. On another occasion, swung Ivan Bykovich stronger than before and cut the miracle-Yuda six goals; miracle Yudo caught them, stressed the fiery finger - and again every head on the ground and Ivan Bykovicha he scored



belt in the damp earth. Requested rozdyha hero, took off his left gauntlet and let the hut. Mitten roof pierced, and all the brothers asleep, did not hear. The third time he swung even further and cut the miracle-Yuda nine goals; miracle Yudo caught them, stressed the fiery finger - again rooted head and Ivan Bykovicha drove it in damp earth to the shoulders. Ivan Bykovich requested rozdyha, took off his hat and put the hut; on strike hut collapsed, all the logs rumblings.

Only then did the brothers woke up, looked - bowls of blood pours over the edge, and the heroic horse neighing loudly but with chains broken. They rushed to the stables, horse lowered, and behind him and themselves to help in a hurry. "Ah! - Says a miracle Yudo - you live deceit; you have to help. " Heroic horse ran, started beating his hooves; and Ivan Bykovich meanwhile climbed out of the ground, and cut prilovchilis miracle-Yuda fiery finger. Once let him chop the head, knocked every one, torso into small pieces to separate and threw everything into the river currant. Resorted brothers. "Hey, you sleepyhead! - Says Ivan Bykovich. - Because of your sleep I almost paid with his head. "

Raneshenko morning came Ivan Bykovich in the open field, struck the ground and became a sparrow flew to the white stone chambers and sat in the little window open. Saw his old witch, sprinkle seed and began to tell: "sparrow-sparrow! You flew seed meal, listen to my sorrow. Laugh at me Ivan Bykovich, all my wasted in-law. " - "Do not worry, my dear! We will repay him for all "- say the miracle Yudov wife. "Here I am, - says smaller - napuschu hunger, she'll go out on the road so I will be an apple tree with gold and silver apples: who picks an apple - he now burst." - "And I, - says serednyaya - napuschu thirst herself made the cistern; water will float two bowls: one gold and one silver; who will undertake for the cup - that I'll drown. " - "And I, - says the elder, - napuschu sleep, and she perekinus golden crib; who will lay down on the bed - the fire will burn. "

Ivan Bykovich listened to these speeches, flew back, struck the ground and became still good fellows. Three brothers gathered and went home. Going the way they are, they greatly tormented by hunger and have nothing to eat. Lo and behold - worth apple tree with gold and silver apples; Ivan Tsarevich Ivan cook's son, so let it rip apples, but Ivan Bykovich advance into a gallop and let's chop apple crosswise - only blood splatters! So did he and wells with a golden bed. Sgibli miracle Yudov wife. How to visit that old witch, dressed beggar, ran out into the road and stands with a knapsack. Ivan goes Bykovich brothers; She held out her hand and begged for alms.

Says Ivan Tsarevich Bykovichu: "Brother! Is our father little golden treasury? Give this holy beggar alms. " Ivan Bykovich took gold coin and takes the old woman; it does not take money, and takes his hand and instantly disappeared with him. The brothers looked - no old woman, nor Ivan Bykovicha, and rode home with fear, tails tucked.



A witch dragged Ivan Bykovicha in the dungeon and led to her husband - an old old man: "In you, - he says - our destroyer!" The old man is lying on an iron bed, sees nothing: long eyelashes and thick eyebrows eyes completely closed. He called the twelve mighty warriors and began ordering them: "Take a minute iron forks, raising my eyebrows and eyelashes are black, I can see what he's like a bird that killed my son?" Knights raised his eyebrows and eyelashes pitchforks; The old man looked up: "Well done Vanya! Duck is you get the courage to cope with my kids! What am I to do with you? "-" Your will that you want, then do; I'm all ready. " - "Well, yes that many interpret, because children do not lift; concelebrated a minute I had better service: Congress in unprecedented kingdom, in an unprecedented state and get me the queen of golden curls; I want to marry her. "

Ivan Bykovich thought to himself: "Where are you, old devil, get married, except me, young man!" And the old woman mad, imposed a stone around his neck, plop into the water and drowned. "That you, Vanya, baton, - says the old man, - Go you to a certain oak, knock him three times with batons and say: Come out, the ship! Come out, the ship! Come out, the ship! How will you ship to, at the same time give the oak three orders him to shut; so do not forget to watch! If you do not, cause me great offense. " Ivan Bykovich come to the oak, hitting him with batons countless times and orders: "All that is, come out!" Came the first ship; Ivan Bykovich got into it, shouted: "All for me!" - And went on their way. After driving a bit, looked back - and saw a countless force of ships and boats! All praise him, all thanks.

Drove up to him the old man in the boat: "Father Ivan Bykovich many years you good health! Take me to the comrades. " - "What do you know how?" - "I am able, sir, to eat bread." Ivan Bykovich said, "Ugh, the abyss! I myself it is ready; but get on the ship, I'm glad the good fellow. " In the boat pulls another old man: "Hello, Ivan Bykovich! Take me with you. " - "What do you know how?" - "I can, sir, wine and beer to drink." - "The simple science! Well, crawl on the ship. " Arrives at the third old man: "Hello, Ivan Bykovich! Take me. " - "Tell me what you know how?" - "I am, sir, I am able to bathe in the bath." - "Ugh, dashing those it! Eka, think, wise men! "He took the ship and that; And then there's the boat pulled up; said fourth old man: "For many years, good health, Ivan Bykovich! Take me to the comrades. " - "Yes, who are you?" - "I am, sir, astrologer." - "Well, that it is ready I will not; be my friend. " Took fourth, fifth asks the old man. "Dust you take it! Kuda me to go with you? Affects rather: that you know how? "-" I am, sir, I am able to swim ruff. " - "Well, welcome!"

Here they went for the queen of golden curls. Come to an unprecedented kingdom unprecedented state; and there has long been Swedana that Ivan will Bykovich, and whole three months baked bread, wine, smoked beer brewed. Ivan saw Bykovich countless carts bread and the same number of barrels of wine and beer; is surprised and asks: "What would it mean?" -



"It's all for you nagotovleno." - "Ugh, the abyss! Yes, I do so much in a year does not eat, do not drink. " He remembered Ivan Bykovich about his comrades and began to call: "Hey, you old men, well done! How many of you drink, there is understanding? "Revoke Obedaylo yes Opivaylo:" We are, sir! Our business is infantile. " - "Well, get to work!" He ran an old man began to eat bread: once in the mouth is not something that throws loaves and entire carts.

Good for you!
