In a certain kingdom, in some countries, there lived an old man and an old woman;

children they had.

Said the old man again:

"The old woman, go buy a turnip - eat at dinner." The old woman went and bought two turnips; one somehow gnawed, and the other put into the oven to steam out. Weather hear a little - something in the oven shouts: "Grandma, otkutay; too hot! "The old woman opened the flap and in the oven is a live girl. "What is it?" - Asked the old man. "Oh, man! The Lord gave us the girl. " And the old man and the old woman tightly rejoiced and called this girl turnip.
Here turnip grew, grew and grew large. At one time the village girls come and ask: "Grandma, let us turnip into the woods to pick berries." - "Do not comin to ... are children! You leave it in the woods. " - "No, grandmother, would not Kinema". The old woman let go of turnip. Gathered the girls went to pick berries and went into a dense forest that DIG to be seen. Lo and behold - stands in the forest hut, entered the hut, and there on the pole bear sits. "Hello, beautiful maidens! - Medvedev said. - I have long been waiting for. " Put them at the table, naklal them porridge and says, "Eat, good-Prigogine! That there will not be, Toyo'll marry. " All the girls are eating porridge, one does not eat turnip. Bear let the girls home, and turnip in his left; dragged the sled, pinned to the ceiling laid down in these sleds and forced himself to swing. Turnip was the rock became saying: "Bye-bye, old fogy!" - "Not so! - Says the bear. - Affects: bye-bye, dear friend! "Nothing to do, began to swing so saying:" Bye-bye, dear friend! "
245
So then lived with her bear close of the year; Repka zabryuhatela and wondering how to turn up the case so go home. Once the bear went to mine, and it has left in the hut and slayed the door oak stumps. Repka let rip, struggled, struggled, somehow tear and ran home. Old Couple glad that she found: they live a month, and the other third; and on the fourth Repka had a son - half human, half bear; dubbed it and gave the name Iwashko-Medvedko. Begot Iwashko grow beyond his years and bounds; that hour, an inch above served as if someone pulls it in goru1. I turned to him for fifteen years, he became the go with the guys at the game and joke jokes bad: someone jumped at hand - the hand away, one behind his head - his head off.
Men came to complain, the old man said: "As you wish, brother, and that your son was not here! Us for his prowess not kill their babies! "The old man zapechalilsya-zakruchinilsya. "What are you, grandfather, so cheerless? - Asks Iwashko-Medvedko. - Ali who you destitute? "The old man sighed hard," Oh, my grandson! One you I was the breadwinner, and then told to send you out of the village. " - "Well, Grandpa! This is not the problem; but the trouble is that I have no defense. Come on, make me an iron club in twenty-five pud. " The old man went and did it dvadtsatipyatipudovuyu club. Iwashko said goodbye to his grandfather, with baboyu, took his stick and walked aimlessly.
Goes by, by the way, came to the river three miles wide; On the shore stands a man stole the river mouth, fish catches mustache, in the language of cooking yes eats. "Hello, Usynya-hero!" - "Hello, Iwashko-Medvedko! Where are you going? "-" I know not myself, I go aimlessly. " - "Take me with you." - "Come on, brother! I'm glad someone. " Went and saw two heroes - the hero captured the whole mountain, suffered in the log and typesets the road. Iwashko surprised: "This is a miracle as a miracle! Painfully strong you Gorynyushka! "-" Oh, my friends, what a force in me? Here there is a white light-Iwashko Medvedko, so in fact, and indeed a great strength! "-" Why, it's me! "-" Where are you going? "-" A aimlessly. " - "Take me with you." - "Well, let's go; I am happy fellow. "
Three went and saw a miracle - hero Dubie, Lviv Oblast typesets: oak which is high, he shoves into the ground, and that is low, pull out of the ground. Iwashko wondered: "What is my strength, for Moguta great!" - "Oh, my friends, what a force in me? Here there is a white light-Iwashko Medvedko, so the really strong! "-" Why, it's me! "-" Where are you God is? "-" I do not know, Dubynyushka! Go aimlessly. " - "Take me with you." - Let'S Go; I am happy fellow. " Became their four.
They went by the way, how long or short it - went into the dark, dense forest; in the forest stands a small hut on Kuryachii leg and all is inverted. Iwashko says: "Hut, hut! Be the woods backwards, and to us before. " Hut twist to it before the doors themselves solution, the window is open; heroes in the cabin - no one but the yard and geese, and ducks, and turkeys - just enough! "Well, my friends, - says
246
Iwashko-Medvedko - we all sit at home is not suitable; let Kinema foals: who stay at home, and who go on the hunt. " Thrown foals: he fell upon Usynyu-hero.
Name of his brothers had gone to hunt, and he nastryapal-Navara which only wanted to shower, washed his head and sat down under the window and began to comb the curls combing. Suddenly Zacuto-fouled, eyes green tabs - land becomes the navel of the earth stone comes out from under the stone Baba Yaga bone leg w ... zhilenaya on iron mortar rides, iron pusher chases, rear dog pobrehivaet. "Here I have a drink, eat at Usyni-hero!" - "You are welcome, Baba Yaga bone leg!" He put her at the table, and gave chastochku2, she ate. Filed another, she gave the dog: "That's the way you potchuesh me!" She grabbed the pusher, began to beat Usynyushku; beat-beat, under the bench scored with a back strap cut, clean all ate and left. Usynya woke up, tied her head with a handkerchief, sits and moans. Comes Iwashko-Medvedko brothers: "Come on, Usynyushka, let us dine, you nastryapal." - "Oh, my friends, nothing cooked, not roasted: so mad, that hardly hut procuration."
The next day stayed home Gorynya-hero; Navariya-nastryapal washed his head and sat down under the little window and began to comb the curls combing. Suddenly Zacuto-fouled, eyes green tabs - land becomes the navel of the earth stone from under the stone Baba Yaga leg bone, an iron mortar rides, iron pusher chases, rear dog pobrehivaet. "Here I have a drink, take a walk in Gorynyushki!" - "You are welcome, Baba Yaga leg bone!" She sat down, gave her Gorynya chastochku - Baba Yaga ate; filed another - dog gave: "That's the way you potchuesh me!" She grabbed an iron pusher, beat it, beat, under the bench scored with a back strap cut, ate every last crumb and left. Gorynya recovered, tied up and, walking, groaning. Returned Iwashko-Medvedko with his brothers: "Come on, Gorynyushka you cook us for dinner?" - "Oh, my friends, nothing cooked: Carbon furnace, raw wood, violence procuration."
On the third day stayed home Dubyna-hero; nastryapal-Navara washed his head and sat down under the little window and began to comb the curls. Suddenly Zacuto-fouled, eyes green tabs - land becomes the navel of the earth stone from under the stone Baba Yaga leg bone, an iron mortar rides, iron pusher chases, rear dog pobrehivaet. "Here I have a drink, take a walk in Dubynyushki!" - "You are welcome, Baba Yaga leg bone!" Baba Yaga village chastochku she gave - she ate; Other Post - dog threw: "That's the way you potchuesh me!" caught hold pusher, beat it, beat, under the bench scored with a back strap cut, ate everything and left. Dubyna woke up, tied up and, walking, groaning. Iwashko returned: "Come on, Dubynyushka, let us dine." - "Nothing is cooked, my friends, so mad, that hardly hut procuration."
On the fourth day came the turn of Ivashki; He stayed at home, Navariya-nastryapal, washed his head and sat down under the little window and began to comb comb the curls. Suddenly Zacuto-fouled - the land becomes the navel,
247
from the ground stone from the stone Baba Yaga leg bone, an iron mortar rides, iron pusher chases; Rear pobrehivaet dog. "Then I drink a walk-in-Ivashki Medvedka!" - "You are welcome, Baba Yaga bone leg!" He put her chastochku filed - she ate; Other Post - she threw bitch, "That's the way you potchuesh me!" She grabbed the pusher and became its upsetting; Iwashko was angry, snatched the Baba Yaga pusher and let's beat her with all his might, beat, beat, beat to a pulp, cut out from behind the three-belt, took planted in the closet and locked.
Come comrades: "Come on, Iwashko, dinner!" - "Very well, my friends, sit down." They sat down, and began to apply Iwashko: a whole lot nastryapano. Heroes eat, yes divuyutsya talk among themselves: "Knowing he was not Baba Yaga!" After dinner Iwashko Medvedko-heated the bath, and they went to bathe. Here Usynya with Dubyna but with Gorynya clean and all strive to become Ivashka front. Iwashko tells them: "What are you, my friends, from my own back hiding?" Nothing to do the heroes confessed, as it came to Baba Yaga so everyone on the belt to cut. "So from what you have carbon monoxide poisoning!" - Said Iwashko, ran to the closet, took from Baba Yaga those straps attached to ihnim backs, and immediately all healed. After take-Iwashko Medvedko Baba Yaga, tied with rope behind the leg and hung on the gate: "Well, my friends, so let's charge the gun to shoot at a target: who pereshibet rope bullet - good will!" The first shot Usynya - missed the second shot Gorynya - past gave third Dubyna - slightly hooked, and Iwashko shot - pereshibit rope; Baba Yaga fell to the ground, jumped up and ran to the stone, lifted the stone and went underground.
Knights rushed after him; he will try, try another - can not lift a stone and Iwashko ran like a blow with his foot - a stone fell off and opened the mink. "Who, my friends, there climb?" Nobody wants. "Well, - says Iwashko-Medvedko - you can see, I have to climb!" He brought a pillar, staring at the edge of a precipice, on a pole hung a bell and pinned him to the one end of the rope, and the other end he came from. "Now immerse me, and how to strike the bell - pull back." Knights began to descend it in the hole; Iwashko sees that all the rope, and the bottom is still lacking; drew from his pocket three large belt that cut at the Baba Yaga, tied them to a rope and fell to the light.
Thorn saw the track and followed it, walking, walking - stands the palace, the palace sit three girls, three beauties, and say to him: "Ah, my good fellow, what has come here? After all, our mother - Baba Yaga; it will eat you! "-" Yes, where is she? "-" She is now sleeping, and in the minds of her sword kladenets lies; you do not touch the sword, and if you touch - it is the moment to wake up Well yes to you nakinetsya. But better to take two gold apple on a silver platter, wake-Yaga Baba quietly, offered her apples and ask to taste tenderly; it will raise its head razinet mouth and once there will be an apple - you drew his sword and cut kladenets her head at a time, and the other is not Ruby; If you hit another time - it immediately comes to life and will deliver you the evil of death. " Iwashko did, bay Baba Yaga head, took the red girls and led to the hole; tied
248
older sister to the rope, hit the bell and shouted: "Here you Usynya wife!" Knights pulled her and dropped the rope on the bottom; Iwashko tied another sister: "Here you Gorynya wife!" And that dragged. Tied a smaller sister and shouted: "This is my wife!" Dubyna angry, and as soon dragged Ivashka-Medvedka, he took a bat and cut the rope in two.
Iwashko fell and hurt my hurt; woke up my good fellow, and does not know what he should do; day, and the other third is sitting without eating, without drinking, emaciated with hunger and thinks, "I'll go, I will look in the storerooms at the Baba Yaga, if there was anything bite." Went to a pantry, ate and drank, attacked the underpass; walked-walked and climbed to white light. There is a clear field and sees - red girl cattle graze; came closer to her and found his bride, "What a clever, doing?" - "The cattle grazing; my sisters are married for heroes, and I do not want to go for Dubynyushku, so he put a my cows walk. " Evening red girl drove a herd of home; and Iwashko-Medvedko behind it goes. Came into the house; Usynya, Gorynya Dubyna heroes and sit at the table so walk. Iwashko tells them: "Good people! Bring me one glass of. " Offered him a glass of wine is green; he drank and other requests; gave him another drink and asked for a third, and drank like a third - it whetted Herculean heart: he drew his battle mace, killed all three heroes and threw their bodies into the open field fierce beasts to be devoured. After took his betrothed bride, returned to the old man and the old woman, and played a gay wedding; many here was drunk, a lot of it was eaten. And I was at a wedding, honey-wine drinking, mustache flowed, dry mouth was; gave me a beer korets3, my fairy tale ending.
